make commit messages rules user friendlier (#1043)
eclipse-score/score: docs/contribute/general/git.rst

characters long. It shall include a prefix for the module, component or
feature which was changed e.g. "doc:" or "bazel:" It shall start with a
capital letter and should not be ended by a trailing period in the
subject line.
The Subject shall describe what was changed in a single line max 72 characters long. It shall not
start or end with whitespace. It shall not end with a period.

Good and bad examples for a subject are:

-  **mw: Show colorful output** not Add file
-  **bazel: Test Requirement SWS_CM_00001** not Add test
-  **osal: Split responsibilities of job handling and execution** not Refactor code
-  **Show colorful output** not Add file
-  **Test Requirement SWS_CM_00001** not Add test
-  **Split responsibilities of job handling and execution** not Refactor code

Description
===========

The description must contain a brief summary of the content of the
commit and why this is necessary. Furthermore it must be consistent and
logically complete.

If feasible, the commit message body should be extended with quoted
material such as compiler warnings, debugger stack traces or measurement
data for performance optimizations.

> The description may mention issues and link to them. A detailed description

Reviewer: We want to keep that as part of the optional description, because it is part of our process description, line 140-144 only

Author: 143-144 are wrong AFAIK. Will test it and restore the rest.

Author: @masc2023 lines 143-144 are wrong. Keywords in commit messages have no influence. Also the link is wrong, as it points to linking PRs to issues. The only valid sentence is "The description may mention issues and link to them."

I would extend it with: "Note that when squashing as described above, a link to the PR is automatically added."

   <prefix_name>: Summary

The Subject shall describe what was changed in a single line max 72 characters long. It shall not

> start or end with whitespace. It shall not end with a period.

Reviewer 2: This is no longer enforced with your second commit. Or is that enforced by default and you just don't have to put the rules?

Author: It was already enforced before. I was mislead by ChatGPT. We disable some rules via `ignore=T3,T5,B1,B5,B6,B7`, but those remain enabled. See list at the top of the file.

Good and bad examples for a subject are:

-  **Show colorful output** not Add file
-  **Test Requirement SWS_CM_00001** not Add test
-  **Split responsibilities of job handling and execution** not Refactor code

Description
===========

> The optional description can contain a brief summary of the content of the
> commit and why this is necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The optional description can be used to provide a brief summary of the content of the
commit and why this is necessary.
```

Rewording to make more clear that the description is optional, but if provided, is about a brief summary.
